Add info for the `flutter_reactive_widget` state management library (#8261)
flutter/website: src/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options.md

[Official Documentation]: https://docs.page/nank1ro/solidart
[solidart package]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/solidart
[flutter_solidart package]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/flutter_solidart

## flutter_reactive_widget

> An ultra-low-boilerplate solution for state management, which defines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ultra-low-boilerplate solution for state management,
flutter_reactive_widget defines
```

`ReactiveWidget` and `ReactiveValue`. Any read of a `ReactiveValue`'s
value within a `ReactiveWidget` definition automatically causes the
`ReactiveWidget` to listen for changes on the `ReactiveValue`.

Also includes a definition for `PersistentReactiveValue`, a subclass

> of `ReactiveValue` whose latest value is persisted, surviving app
> restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of `ReactiveValue` whose latest value persists, surviving app
restarts.
```
